Fix cht js errors in docker image, update readme for same (#449)
medic/cht-conf: README.md

# Installation

## Operating System Specific

### Ubuntu

	npm install -g cht-conf
	sudo python -m pip install git+https://github.com/medic/pyxform.git@medic-conf-1.17#egg=pyxform-medic

### OSX

	npm install -g cht-conf
	pip install git+https://github.com/medic/pyxform.git@medic-conf-1.17#egg=pyxform-medic

### Windows

As Administrator:

	npm install -g cht-conf
	python -m pip install git+https://github.com/medic/pyxform.git@medic-conf-1.17#egg=pyxform-medic --upgrade

### Docker

> **NB** - `cht-conf` in a Docker container should only be used if your familure with running containers.  You will have to get your config files into the container in order to be able to use the `cht` call to interact with a remote CHT instance. 

Reviewer: typo `your familure`
```suggestion
**NB** - `cht-conf` in a Docker container should only be used if you're familiar with running containers. You will have to copy or mount your config files into the container in order to be able to use the `cht` call to interact with a remote CHT instance.
```

## Docker

	docker build -t cht-conf:v0 .
	docker run -d --name cht-conf cht-conf:v0

You now have a container running in the background called `cht-conf`. You can get a shell on this container with:

	docker exec -it cht-conf /bin/bash

> And then you can run the utility with `cht`.  You will have to get your config files into the container in order to be able use the `cht` call to interact with a remote CHT instance.

Reviewer: wow ... I understand why nobody is using this :D

Author: :shrug:
